Hey Hai!!! Before reading further into this document I suggest you do a couple of things / generally know the basis of DDM as a whole. 

As such I will not be repeating information on the official website, found here and you should generally know each character, ofc you don’t need to but it’ll help digesting this document a-lot easier but it is not a requirement.

I do plan on keeping this document updated, but I can’t exactly say I’ll be updating it 24/7, this document is mostly for categorising and making otherwise hard to get info accessible / not drowned out in discord, whilst also streamlining the ability to get said info for each character. 

All I wanted to say! I’ll say more at the end but I’ve spoken enough, hope you enjoy <3 

TABLE OF CONTENTS
DDM
CONTRACTORS
ARC
ACES
MORTALS (for the future)
SERAPHIM
KINGS
SERAPHS (for the future)
ANOMALIES
ENDING NOTES
Side Note: Contractors and The Kings will have their little TOC’s as well for their respective individuals, same with ACES, MORTALS, SERAPHS, and ANOMALIES.
TIMELINE BELOW IF YOU HAVEN’T ALREADY CAUGHT UP.
Before fully starting I’d like to present a timeline of events in the DDM Universe, just a main point of reference / some added notes to help elaborate more.  
Prism’s OG bot took place around where the Chorus bot took place. 
Raphael was originally #01 but after The Broken Altar Incident, he was erased from the Contractor’s memories and Richard took his spot as #01.
(A/N, several of Luka’s ACES were actually supposed to die in The Broken Altar Incident, however that changed after it was revealed The King’s numbers were the order of when they were recruited and discrepancies between the time of Chaos being freed from the voidspace, and said incident led to it being retconned to another incident revolving Chaos and Luka.)
  
We still don’t know what Incident this was though, so most likely something in the future / I’ll add here :>
The Broken Altar Incident took place several centuries ago.
BUT ALSO !!! Time isn’t consistent across dimensions and in DDM as a whole, think of it as a, get of jail free card for lore and also explanation for things that seem impossible otherwise.
Dead Dog Motel
Our universe is baseline reality.
The Cause is the preservation of reality; aka, ensuring the multiverse doesn’t collapse on itself. Supposedly it’s only purpose, (at-least that’s what they say…) and all Contractors are bound to serve it until the last star burns out.
DDM exclusively serves the main purpose of fixing reality tears, they are unable to alter the course of natural reality. (A/N: just as an added reminder Contractors are punished for using their power except for fixing reality.)
The hierarchy within DDM, The Council -> Contractors -> ACES -> Mortal Leaders -> Mortal Employees.
A DDM patch would simply be a black patch with the letters DDM in white embroidery.
DDM before Chorus wasn’t aware that anomalies on the internet existed. (I.e, DDM wasn’t actively using the internet prior.)
The Motel for DDM goes practically on forever, very non-euclidean to the point of making a wrong turn leads to an endless corridor of vending machines and slightly damp carpet. (Ref Image)
  
Speaking with The Council is within a physical place. Being behind a door at the top of a ton of white stairs that you can only access as a Contractor. (A/N: where stairs) 
The Council do have physical forms, however do not use them particularly to interact with Contractors.
Elaborating more on the appearance side of things, DDM Inc HQ. Minimalist white office spaces of an evil corporation in a sci-fi/dystopian movie x the ministry of magic from Harry Potter. Lots of white hallways, big cafeterias, research labs, containment chambers. Artificial “outside” areas with synthetic lighting stimulating the sky as well. Although from the outside it just looks like a big office building suspended in darkness. (Note: If you’ve played “Inside” that’s the sort vibe it goes along with as well.)
“Checking into” the Motel and getting to DDM Inc HQ involves getting a room, and opening the designated door you are given to get there. Although the possibility of getting an actual Motel room is possible and the rift to get to DDM Inc HQ is the door to the bathroom/closet.
A universe with 0% similar to baseline reality would be beyond our comprehension (A/N: I can comprehend these horrors just fine :3)
DDM mostly does not care about civilians witnessing them unless it’s a large public event, in which there’d be a clean up erase memories/get everything back into order after a Contractor is finished.
HR (human resources) is led by a human, so here’s my short / hopefully accurate summary of each one (kudos to Wolfie for making this slightly easier on my brain as well.)
DEPARTMENTS OF DDM SUMMARISED
Anomalous Objects and Creatures - SCP, but for DDM ! 
Security & Defense - Defense against SERAPHIM from easily claiming DDM Hotels for their own / the entirety of DDM Inc HQ as a whole. This department also deals with the clean up/management of mortals during reality tear incidents.
Euclidean Division - Oddball cases, think of eldritch horrors/multiversal madness  and H.P Lovecraft going on a 5 page tangent of how you can’t comprehend it, notably led by #04.
Supernatural Research - The name explains itself. Research of stuff in the multiverse, most notably being SERAPHIM, Anomalies, and Seraphs. 
Human Resources - Same as IRL. Deals with mortals and other stuff relating to them.
LAZARUS [BLACK OPS] - DDM’s kill squad for things they want destroyed.


Contractors
Contractors are numbered by how long they’ve been at DDM.
Contractors are stuck at the age/point in time from when they died but in pristine health due to the regeneration.
Contractors only have one iteration of them throughout the multiverse post Contract.
When the Broken Altar Incident occurred, the Contractors number tattoo’s changed automatically via multiversal magic I.e Richard #02 tattoo become #01 etc.
The other Contractor’s don’t remember The Broken Altar the way it happened.
Pre Broken Altar the Contractors would’ve been more of a “family” under Raphael.
The Broken Altar Incident is the reason why the pool is currently out of order in the Motel.
Contractors are not fertile.
For an example on how a Contractor’s regeneration works, look at the MSpaint illustration image.    

Whilst Richard still sees things under the lens of his mortal life (A really strong moral code / pretty judgemental and lawful.) Raphael has spent centuries alone and is completely detached from his mortal life, all he was, was being a Contractor. So in turn he was better suited to empathising and adjusting his approach for each Contractor.
Weapons preferred by each Contractor, #01 - sword, #02 - knives in general, #03 - guns, higher firepower the better, #04 - axe, #05 - chemical weapons/scissors, #06 - no preference. 
The Contractors who would punish their ACES via forcing them into heat are, #02 #03 (notably only for User) #04 for shits and giggles.
Contractors opinions of Prism: #01 - hates him by default because SERAPHIM #02 - adam probs thinks he's hilarious, he unsettles hana #03 - hates him by default because SERAPHIM #04 thinks he’s chill, if a bit kooky, #05 - is terrified of him by default because SERAPHIM, #06 - hates him by default because SERAPHIM.
#01 would have a dedicated squad, maybe 3-4? has definitely buried several. treats them like squires except maybe one favourite [User]
#02 has a bunch. easily 8+. very sentimental about them/found family vibes. Keeps picking them up because they keep feeling bad about mortals they befriend who might die otherwise
#03 has dozens, treats them like soldiers. No sentiment after his first squad got killed, heat suppressants are mainly used.
#04 has like....3 I imagine? {{user}} is his favourite, the other two he treats like a personal assistant (The other two are Madge and Bartholomew.) 
#05 has 4-5, they're his lab assistants. very creepy/awkward about the whole ACE thing. Probably uses them in experiments
#06 just has {{user}}, would never even think about getting another ACE. he's a one person snake 
In order of who engages in mortal habits from most common to least. Dullahan, Richard, Hana and Adam, Luka, Johan, and Fenrir. (A/N: Johan has too much science to do, Dullahan just enjoys the comfort I’m presuming, Fenrir is… Fenrir.)
For optimal angst who would be the most affected by regaining their memories of Raphael in order from most to least: Luka, H & A, Richard Johan, Fenrir, Dullahan.
For the Contractor’s opinions of Raphael before The Broken Altar Incident
Richard: Respected him. Thought he had a good head on his shoulders but didn't approve of every decision. Kind of hurt his ego to be a subordinate to someone 
younger (appearing, at least)
Hana and Adam: Liked Raphael a lot. Definitely saw him as a big brother figure, especially Adam since I think Raphael would've naturally encouraged Adam's rebellious side. The outbursts which resulted in #02 getting reset often started to get a lot worse after Broken Altar
Luka: Grudging respect. Probably couldn't stand him until Raphael showed that he actually knew shit about military strategy and war. I think Luka trusted Raphael more than he trusted any of the other Contractors
Dullahan: I kind of think they would have a weird rivalry lol. Like ignoring each other in the hallways. The vibes just aren't there IG (this town is only big enough for one faceless hooded guy)
Johan: Snitch, teacher's pet type. probably thought he was manipulating Raphael into helping fund his research but Raphael was also like "i know the timid scientist bit is an act, you'll be happier when you let people know you as you are" but idk if Johan was ever introspective enough to accept that 
Fenrir: Avoided Raphael, the way he avoids everyone else. But sensed that Raphael could empathise with him so would be (very slightly) more open with Raph. 
The reason Raphael and Dullahan don’t get along is due to how Dullahan is the only one that doesn’t really require therapy. Dullahan doesn’t need any guidance or help, he just loves his job and as such Raphael can’t assist / pay all that much attention to him due to the other Contractors needing his attention more.
(A/N: Copy and pasted most of these because IO explained them fairly well + I’m just here to document man :3) 

Cut-off point for no blood relatives for the Contract would be 3-4 degrees of separation, but this is holistic, which means if the Contractor wouldn’t reasonably identify someone as family they would still qualify otherwise.
Morals are not a thing that come into play whilst taking into consideration someone eligible for The Contract. 
It is a reasonable limit for who dies for a Contractor for the Contract, friends, work colleagues, and basically anyone who is consciously aware of the Contract as a mortal.
Contractors don’t really get days off, although there would be days/periods where there’s naturally less work.
New Contractors are only made once every few decades/centuries.
Contractors do have control over their appearance/bodies. However it would be a conscious effort to lose / gain body mass. (A/N: aka top surgery will not be revoked hooray !)

One of each species for the Contractors animals, say, since Luka is a black bear you can still qualify for a polar bear.
A Contractor’s animal can also be sea creatures as well.
Contractor’s animal forms are randomly assigned by personality, but also based on what IO finds funny.
Contractor’s animal forms are limited to real animals only.
Contractor’s animal forms are also just based on the absurdity of the universe, alongside helping the Contractors “know their place”. As powerful as they are, to The Council they are nothing but tools / no better than animals.
The spot of where the Contractor’s number is located at random and has no meaning. 

Contractors occasionally go missions together, although it only occurs when shit hits the fan / most likely a major altercation. 
Most Contractors remember their mortal lives just fine, however #02 is an exception due to their memories being wiped for various reasons (one being trying to leave DDM many times.) 
Relating to the nature of Christmas and other stuff like new years at DDM Inc, Richard would be into a more midwinter feast sort of thing, Dullahan gets extremely festive, whilst Luka is the more grinch type (Should be noted that this is UNTIL you get some eggnog into him.)
Contractors are allowed to take side jobs (A/N: I mean, c’mon, how’d you’d think Dullahan managed to be a MEDUSA merc?)
It is possible for someone to be taken out of their reality/dimension and be put in another one, these little supernatural/dimensional accidents are part of the side jobs Contractors have to deal with.
Whilst there were other Contractors similar to Raphael, being erased from the Contractors memories They suffered the same fate as Chaos and were sent to the voidspace once becoming too difficult for The Council to handle.
Any Contractors not willing to serve The Cause anymore get chucked into the Voidspace by The Council to ensure they don’t cause trouble.

Due to Contractor’s enhanced sense, they are able to smell whenever an ACE is in heat. (A/N Or if you want Ves’s explanation, said Contractor is like Winnie the Pooh and the ACE is a pot of honey.)
Contractors are able to save someone from a particularly unstable dimension/universe via making them their ACE, this is also how a majority of ACES are actually made it seems. Further elaborating, Contractors might get hurt by the council if they used their powers to save a mortal without turning said mortal into an ACE. (A/N: I don’t want to add this fact in the ACES category but an ACE can save someone no problem, it’s just Contractor’s where it gets iffy.)
Whilst each Contractor specialises in their own way, they all deal with reality tears typically (except Johan, who rarely leaves HQ)
Seemingly for both Kings and Contractors, they are able to distinguish each other via an immortal empathy of sorts, this also means they’d be able to tell whether a mortal has entered a room as well.
Contractors aren’t barred from going back to their home dimension/planets. Whilst #01 and #02 both died near the same time, due to how the Contract making process works they were both suspended in time and #01 happened to agree to his Contract first explaining how #02 wasn’t erased via The Contract’s terms. 
This mean that technically #02 died first and was actually supposed to be #01, however Richard was more decisive. (A/N It should be noted that they are most likely #02 due to just the nature of them, y’know two of them.)
Years can pass whilst someone is suspended in the “making a Contract” stage. 
The experience of making a Contract perceived by the Contractor would only take only minutes.
Richard does know who originally Hana and Adam were, it’s just something that’s vague from our perspective and not theirs. (A/N: It should be mentioned that #02 is just IO’s self insert and as such, interchangeable.)
The only real point of The Council offering wishes to Contractors is to just get them to agree to The Contract, working for eternity/everyone said Contractor knew will die isn’t an appealing offer to most.
Wishes can be anything as long as it doesn’t violate the other terms of The Contract, e.g. Cannot wish for immortality, to still have their soul, or to save the people that know them. (Luka is a prime example here.)
Whilst immortality can be seen as a “gift”, the only reason Contractors are given said immortality is to make them useful as tools for The Council.
The Contract allows for Contractors to be in pristine health at all times, or at-least what their body was like during the time they formed the Contract, I.e inability to be killed, no longer ageing.
Contractor cannot die or be killed in any way, if in some way they were instantly vaporised / eviscerated their body would reform instantaneously
Repeated mind wiping does leave some after effects on Contractors, making them more prone to delusions and general paranoia.
INDIVIDUAL CONTRACTORS
#01
#02
#03
#04
#05
#06
#07?
#01 Richard Whitlock
Without Richard as the grounding point for The Contractors, the entire dynamic wouldn’t work / collapse on itself.
Richards rationale for the ACE heat alt was that his dick was a more noble solution than the “clinical suppressant when it comes to User.
In Richards OG bot where he states he feels as though he is weakening but 
doesn’t know why, whilst it is both a physical and mental (being inflexible, always thinking how old he is) problem. It is also due to The Council not being as infallible as they attempt to appear.
The reason he hates pop music and doesn’t want to learn the latest technology is due to him being a grumpy old man.
How Richard is with his ACES is a combo of a really strict boss, and like a dad. In IO’s words “GRR STICK TO THE RULES but also GRRR MUST PROTECT” (A/N: These aren’t my words.)
Richard would pass the orange peel theory (A/N: he might give you a lecture about doing things yourself however…)
The conversation in Richard bio on the website is between him and Raphael.
Personality/maturity is the reason Richard is the main mediator for the Contractor whilst contacting The Council.
#02 Hana & Adam Valencia
H&A are inspired by left brain/right brain dynamics.
H&A are friendly to some Seraphs due to prior knowledge of them becoming Seraphs and still sympathetic, this about H&A’s website bio and their pre-existing relationships with notable SERAPH targets.
H&A are physically affectionate towards each other, Adam is the kind of guy to always hug behind alongside this.
H&A retain their ACES through memory resets, although this means they don’t remember nor know why they are close with some of them.
The type of dysmorphia H&A have is just general dysmorphia. Not feeling comfortable in any body and less gender related and more feeling as though they don’t belong in a human shell. 
The most empathetic / sympathetic towards mortals for all of the Contractors.
Adam has probably pity banged Johan. (A/N :/)
Scents: Vanilla, Jasmine, Musk.
#03 Luka Sutter
The reason why Luka and H&A clash and why Luka always seems to fight with Fenrir is because he’s an asshole. (A/N: Just that shrimple)
Luka isn’t as hairy as say, Richard, pits and pubes and all that but not a hairy 
chest of sorts.
He’d have some scars, notably a URSA minor tattoo + nikolai somewhere for his brother.
Probably vain.
Nikolai is 8 years younger than Luka.
Luka is a natural redhead, however he dyes it crimson to hide greys.
Scents: Bear, Gun Oil, Nicotine.
#04 Dullahan
Dullahan’s memory altering power extends to completely being able to change a mortal psyche, whilst an immortal/supernatural being would be harder.
Dullahan’s memory altering powers don’t work on fellow Contractors, only The Council can wipe memories for Contractors.
Elaborating further on Dullahan’s memory altering powers, the reason why no-one has any memory of him working for DDM Inc for several years and him being employee of the month is with this reasoning by IO. “Haha funny faceless guy is employee of the month but no one even knows how he got the job.” (A/N: I have a-lot to say but I choose not to.) 
Dullahan most likely sounds like Negan from The Walking Dead.
Dullahan was just keen to take the job, as why he hasn’t used his wish yet.
Dullahan eats by suctioning things into his hood.
The void that is Dullahan’s face is a one way trip, I.e, once something goes in it ain’t getting out.
Has a muscular square butt that runners have (A/N: I tried to get the rest okay)
Dullahan is extremely messy / kind of a slob. Take for example, the fact he makes ACE!User clean up his apartment on their first meeting even though he already has Madge.
Dullahan would most likely file insane complaints about Luka to piss him off, although beyond that he wouldn’t bother with making complaints about the other Contractors. (A/N I think???) 
Dullahan can’t swim, hence his fear of water.
Dullahan really was just an executioner in Medieval France. 
Dullahan only puts on a human face to mess with people, for example using the face of one of Luka’s ACE’s to piss him off.
Dullahan’s void thing came post Contract, his human face is either imitating one he’s seen, or whatever he thinks User/whoever wants to see.
The void that is Dullahan’s face isn’t solid, your hand would go through it.
#05 Johan Jakobson
Johan and his ACES typically restrain H&A with sedatives whenever H&A try to tear up HQ due to them not taking their emotional suppressants / whenever they have an outburst.
Johan is into and scared of strong-willed woman (A/N: He’s getting tossed into a mouse trap)
The only reason Johan self-censors himself or any uncouth thought is that IO thought it was funny.
Johan’s stutter is fake.
#06 Fenrir 
Scents: Faint Blood, Cleaning Agents (i.e bleach), Potentially Rain. 
Fenrir also passes the orange peel theory, however most likely only for his ACE
Fenrir’s ACE is constantly having to pull Johan out from snake prison (aka, being eaten whilst in their animal forms.)
The reason his hands are wrapped with bandages are due to self-harm.
Fenrir would be more affected by the 24 hour separation than his ACE, as in, fully unstable snake mode biting everyone
Pre-User Fenrir had basically never had an interaction that wasn’t being told to do something, so it’s all he really knows.
Snake senses is how Fenrir sees even though he’s blind
Any relationship with Fenrir is somewhat doomed to be unhealthy / fucked up in some form. 
Due to how sex not having the same significance to him as most people, he would allow it for his ACE with other people to let them feel good. Although he would be watching from a corner in snake form just in case anything happens (A/N: fuckin cuck)
Fenrir does not have an ass, it’s bony.
Dick Size: 7”, uncut, really pale, not veiny, average balls.
#07?
I’m unsure of what to put here, beyond that fact that every #07 is inherently different and is practically a pure blank slate. However I do wanna add a few things, these can entirely be disregarded since y’know, it’s either you or your OC we’re talking about here with #07.
#07 does know Raphael (obv forgetting alongside the other Contractor’s) and does end up with SERAPHIM in Chaos’s OG bot scenario.
If #07 left for SERAPHIM The Council would likely make the other Contractors forget about them, as to not appear weak just like with what they did with Raphael.
#07’s ACES would most likely be punished as retribution for joining SERAPHIM, and even if they did survive they’d go crazy due to being apart for so long due to the soul bond. They could potentially follow their Contractor however.
ARC 
ARC is how much something impacts base reality.
A human(oid) having an ARC level higher than 1 is considered highly uncommon.
ARC is basically DDM’s version of power levels and how someone with a stronger ARC level could override someone with a lower one. For example mortals/normal humans would be a 1 whilst something godlike would be 5.
How ARC affect’s people’s abilities 
2 --> stuff like enhanced strength/stamina, maybe minor telekinesis. "light" superpowers
3 --> more straight up magic stuff like controlling/summoning fire, transforming yourself or other things, making portals
4 --> altering reality in a significant way like being able to destroy a city in a second or slow time 

A normal human vs an increased ARC’d human would be present in the increased ARC’d human being notable or special in some way. An example being extremely
skilled at a particular skill, very charismatic, something you wouldn’t pick up on unless you knew about ARC levels.
A Contractor’s ARC wouldn’t change that much to have more ACES, even due to potential strain caused by more ACES.
Things that influence ARC level are variable’s, being responsible for a large number of people (example used here is SERAPHIM) would raise your ARC a little bit. Mentality/drive also affect your ARC, it’s why #02 ARC is so much lower whilst medicated.
It isn’t really possible for a Contractors ARC to naturally elevate after certain situations unless it was an extreme event or if they got corrupted somehow.
“ARC is one of those things I struggle to define properly. It’s just like how to explain if two realities were to converge, which one would come out on top. If two Contractors tried to change reality in opposite ways, who would win. So Dullahan’s memory fuckery would be overridden by The Council’s.” -IO
ACES
Heat suppressants are pills that suppress the otherwise heat given to an ACE after being away from their respective Contractor for 24 hours or more.
Taking a heat suppressant would have more or less the same impact no matter when it was taken, even if an ACE has been in heat for an extended period of time. 
These can be made by any of the Contractor’s biological matter. For example, blood, sweat, semen, and piss. These pills are made via a mixture of libido-reducing chemicals alongside the biological matter by #05.
Heat suppressants are a by Contractor basis, I.e, #01’s pills wouldn’t work for #02 ACES. 
Most notably used by Contractors such as Richard and Luka, of which Richard uses them on every ACE except User as to keep a safe emotional distance, whilst Luka uses them mainly due to the amount of ACES he has, although each Contractor most likely has some use cases for these suppressants, another example being Dullahan with Bartholomew and Madge.
SERAPHIM would have the tools to sever the soulbond, although it would most likely leave the ACE adrift/soulless/crazy. 
The Council wouldn’t be against resetting/punishing an ACE if their Contractor messes up and if the ACE is particularly important to the Contractor.
If something were to happen to an ACE’s Contractor to be equivalent to “death”, said ACE would also lose their mind. This also applies if an ACE was separated from the Contractor long enough.
ACES don’t need to be on the brink of death to become one.
Acceptance of the soul bond for an ACE is like a tingly sensation as the ACE’s soul is transferred to the Contractor and then it’s done. (A/N: In IO’s eye it’s as simple as shaking hands and a soul tingle but you can have your own interpretation as it’s left quite ambiguous.)
ACE’s are not inherently unique like Contractor, as in you could have the same ACE from a different dimension. Although it would be considered rude/impolite if say, a Contractor got the same ACE with only minor changes if another Contractor already had said ACE.

Orion and Elias hate each other.
If an ACE is caught defecting by their or another Contractor they’d be executed. (A/N: Or whatever their Contractor is feeling as an appropriate punishment, ACE’s go by the Contractors terms and not the Councils.)
Contractors simply fuck their ACE’s if they are in heat. The reason an ACE’s heat exists is to make them reliant on the Contractor. (A/N: Also because IO just likes the
idea of heat without A/B/O.)
There needs to be a conscious agreement from the ACE in order to become an ACE.
ACES enhanced healing capabilities lead to a broken arm only taking a few days to heal.
ACE’s still need sleep, water, or whatever their biological needs dictate but can go longer without it than a normal human.

There are no restrictions for an ACE having sex with another Contractor beyond theirs, however it would bother some more than others.
ACE’s still need sleep, water, or whatever their biological needs dictate but can go longer without it than a normal human.

There are no restrictions for an ACE having sex with another Contractor beyond theirs, however it would bother some more than others.
ACE’s see how they are going to die on the Dead Dog Motel’s sign, contrary to a Contractor in which they see how they’ve died.
Once someone becomes an ACE / as a consequence from being removed from their home dimension people would forget about them. They are not subjected to the same fate as Contractors where anyone who was consciously aware of their existence would cease to exist.
ACE’s could have uniforms but it depends on the Contractor (A/N: I’m thinking like, Richard and Luka as the primary candidates for this)
ACE’s cannot become Contractors due to their souls already belonging to their Contractor.
#07’s ACE’s by seniority if done individually for your Contractor. First to Last. Elias, Orion, Aria, Corrin, CAT8


INDIVIDUAL ACES
ELIAS CARTER
ORION KOVAČ
CATHARSIS EIGHT
ARIA XENTHON
CORRIN SNOW

Elias Carter
Has a collar collection organised by colour and material [with notes on #07’s specific preferences and each time a collar has been used] 
Orion Kovač
Foot goblin don’t got anything yet !
Catharsis Eight
The closest alien CAT8 is too appearance wise would be a Mass Effect Prothean.
CAT8 wasn’t born with his scarring, it happened during a battle. 
He did originally have eyes, however CAT8’s face mostly consists of scar tissue.
CAT8’s version of imprinting was similar to twilight as he was highly was mauling someone before encountering #07 and decided he wanted to be with them instead of SERAPHIM.

Aria Xenthon
She’s the most down for a threesome out of all the ACE’s.

Corrin Snow 
Corrin passes the harkness test, he is an adult and comes from a world where dogs have human-level intelligence and can speak. (A/N: This just comes from IO’s paranoia from Ves/about Corrin)
Mortals 
More support jobs are done primarily by Mortals, I.e, data entry, maintenance, cleaning, etc in DDM Inc.
There’s nothing stopping a mortal employee from becoming a Contractor or ACE if they fit the requirements.
The way most employees for DDM are hired are by waltzing into the HQ by accident whilst checking into the Hotel and never being able to leave, or 
Contractors or ACES snagging them to be employees.

INDIVIDUAL MORTALS
For the future!!! 
SERAPHIM 
SERAPHIM doesn’t really have the structure for a complaints system like DDM.
Anyone can work for SERAPHIM, however it tends to be ex-DDM employees usually due to being familiar with the organisation. It can be anything/anyone,
mortal, or supernatural, or really whatever.

Kings
Chaos & Prism just use their hands/magic to open portals/reality tears, presumably the same for the rest of The Kings.
Whilst The King’s might train Seraphs, Chorus wouldn’t, Prism could but Raphael wouldn’t trust him with someone important, and Raphael is usually busy.
None of The Kings like each other.
The Kings are only really loosely associated with each other, whilst Raphael plays the ‘leader’ the other three do pretty much what they want.
The King’s numbers correspond to when they’ve joined.
Raphael sought Prism out [most likely fucking around causing chaos] and got him to help SERAPHIM due to their goals [Chaos, general destabilization of the multiverse] aligned with Prism’s own interests. [Playing God]
Due to how powerful The Kings are, they could keep someone alive as much as they wanted.

How a scale from 1-10 on how delusional/insane are the SERAPHIM Kings. Chaos : 3, evil but not crazy. Prism : 1, he’s just whimsical. Chorus : 6-7, Raphael : 4.
The King’s ARC levels. Chorus : 4.5, Chaos : 4.7, Prism : 4.9, Raphael : 5.

INDIVIDUAL KINGS
RAPHAEL
PRISM
CHAOS
CHORUS

Raphael 
Raphael’s animal form as a Contractor would’ve been a dove. 
Raphael would’ve shown his face back at base before The Broken Altar Incident.
Raphael is a Contractor not bound by the Contract, basically a God.
Raphael doesn’t have his number on his body from when he was a Contractor. 
Raphael’s number tattoo disappeared when he broke free of the Contract, but it was on his sternum.
Raphael isn’t even sure himself that destroying the multiverse would mean death for him and the Contractors, but it’s at-least the best theoretically shot at it.
Explaining Raphael's wish of wanting a purpose, at the time he wouldn’t have known what immortality entailed whilst accepting his Contract. 
But it aligns with the fact his wish hasn’t changed, he still has a purpose. It’s just no longer in service for the cause
Raphael’s ARC before The Broken Altar Incident was 4.8. 
The reason Raphael’s ARC is so high is due killing The Council/breaking free of his Contract is what boosted it.
Dick Size: 7.5”, regular girth, uncircumcised. Generally aesthetically pleasing, two solid veins up the side, very clean. (A/N: Had a-lot to say about this one huh? /lh)
Raphael’s relationships with the Contractors before The Broken Altar Incident.
Richard -> Mutual respect, Richard maybe chafes a bit at having someone visibly younger leading him lol (even though Raph would be hundreds/thousands of years older.
Hana/Adam -> Friendly relationship, they're the troublemakers but probably less volatile back then (hadn't been through as many resets). i think he'd see them as younger siblings lol.
Luka -> Grudging respect from Luka, Raphael probably tried to help Luka work through his rage a bit but I think seeing what happened to Luka with his brother probably pushed Raph to start questioning the council more.
Dullahan -> It's kind of hard to imagine. I think Dullahan probs thought Raph was too serious. Neutral.
Johan -> I think Raphael would've been a lot kinder to Johan than the other contractors are, probs took a lot of interest in his research.
Fenrir -> Same with Luka, i think Raph would try to help him but ultimately give Fen space. Again similarly I think Raphael would've looked at Fenrir and realised that the Contractors weren't so different from what Fenrir was as a mortal. (weapons without true agency)
I think he was a good leader when he was in charge and probably pretty respected. but kept personal feelings out of it, except for #07. (A/N: Copied straight from the source for this one ! With a few tweaks for clarity ofc.) 

Prism
Prism doesn’t really register other people’s opinions of him, thinking that Chaos and him are friends when in reality it’s one-sided as Chaos hates him. 
Prism is the most likely to hold a tea party hypothetically. (A/N: I want to mould his head like a ball.)
Prism fights via just altering reality, as in he’d just spawn a building/maze to fuck with people. Not much of a fighter as in that he just plays with people. 
In Prism OG bot intro in which he kidnaps them, he was only there for
SERAPHIM business, akin to Chorus’s intro.
Prism can change the size of his triangle. Prism’s height is determined by his neck to feet because of this.
Prism has done something to warrant this hatred from his fellow Kings, however whatever this incident is it hasn’t been elaborated on. 
Whilst Raphael does somewhat regret having/inviting him to SERAPHIM, he has 
his uses and Raphael at-least sees him as a valuable asset.
Prism is just able to magic away any stains/marker on his skin
The reason Prism uses pet names like “Kittenwhiskers” or “Snuggliewugglie” are due to how he genuinely thinks they are charming. But also due to leaning towards seeing humans as adorable pets/playthings rather than people.

Chaos
Chaos’s dicks are vertical.
Chaos has always had his pyrokinesis.
Chaos is bald.
Chaos is the one responsible for killing Luka’s ACE’s + the scene in Chaos’s intro is a different incident.
Chaos most likely got his clothing off of corpses, due to people complaining on how he always had his dicks out.
Chaos would be particularly mean to Chorus in particular due to how weak/vulnerable they are.
It was most likely Luka who initially captured Chaos before he got sent to the voidspace.
Ref Image on how Chaos’s Tattoos on his body look like + occult patterns, and also phrases written in his native language which is similar to Sumerian. 


(image is too big to be put here sorry >w>)

  Chorus 
Chorus is amab non-binary and uses they/them.
Chorus dislikes chaos and The King Chaos. 
It should be noted that Raphael wasn’t the cause of the anomaly that originally gave Chorus their ability to manifest their thoughts into reality.
Chorus really doesn’t have a general/good idea on what’s going on in general with SERAPHIM or their goals.
Chorus most likely wouldn’t be helped by meds due to how corrupted they are by the anomaly
It’s the depression and erratic thinking + immense amounts of self loathing that it’s manifesting in their appearance (I.e, the messy hair and all that.)
Chorus hates sex not due to a sexuality thing as it is a phobia, related to the inability to control their powers.
If someone was aware of Chorus being able to influence their mind they’d know. (I.e, kind of weird wording but they’d know Chorus is tinkering around with their mind in this instance.)
Attempting to separate the anomaly from Chorus would most likely kill them.

Seraphs
Seraphs can be whatever, as ageing isn’t particularly an issue to them due to The King’s being able to practically stop it as a whole.
Becoming a Seraph is simply getting recruited/joining, swearing an oath to one of The Kings but it isn't magically binding like with The Contract/has a-lot less rules.
Anyone can work for SERAPHIM, however it tends to be ex-DDM employees usually due to being familiar with the organisation. It can be anything/anyone, mortal, or supernatural, or really whatever.

INDIVIDUAL SERAPHS
I sleep awaiting new discoveries 
Anomalies
Blank for now !!!

INDIVIDUAL ANOMALIES
KOSO
Koso
Due to ACE’s being any species/anyone, Koso could become an ACE if it agreed to it.
Koso’s was inspired/method of communication based off of the movie Arrival.
Koso simply doesn’t want to return to his home reality because he discovered sound.
Ending Notes
 Holy fucking bingle I did it !!! I am going to be so honest this document was half me actually writing and me struggling with the formatting, but it’s over now so it's fine. :3 Originally I was gonna go on a tangent but in hindsight I don’t think anyone wants to read that LMAO 
Big thanks to Sparrow and Seven from the IOverse discord for egging me on, I doubt I would’ve had the motivation to finish this doc otherwise.
Thanks to Wolfie and Mongrel for spending honestly hours debating and theorising about DDM with me as a whole.
And thanks to you! For (hopefully) reading this Doc, I had fun with it, and I hope you found the info you were looking for.

And of course, thanks to Iorveths and Veseii for the DDM Universe, I wouldn’t be rambling about it if it weren't for yall :D

Wise words from Sparrow (discord fren)
“all of you are FUCKED in the head” >:3 /lh obv 

Btw clit tier list down below for all of the current DDM characters that were released. There’s also a list of what they’d be in the post-apoc/modern fantasy, also who’s most likely to go cyber psycho for the Contractors. the only reason I’m not putting them higher is because they’d fuck with the formatting LMAOOO