Modern Fantasy Playlist
Lore and all characters belong to Iorveths and Ves, I don't claim anything to be canon, I only curated the playlist.  
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
How I tested the bots reply:
AI: Gpt4 with custom jailbreak. 
Asked the question 3 times on a completely fresh clean chat. 
Generated 2 additional messages per question. 
No Alt Scenario Bots.
Essentially what I was looking for here was consistency rather than accuracy- since these aren't my characters- Io and Ves are  the only ones who could really confirm them so, I only looked for consistency in the replies. (Io did mention they consider the list canon but i'll leave the advisory just in case hehehe)
Legend: 
Songs that appeared across the board persistently: all 3 messages and all responses. 
Songs that appeared twice or more throughout.  but not all replies.
Songs that appeared once. (In these cases,  I just chose what fit best.) 


In addition to the songs- I'll add in any information that the bot generated as lore or their behavior toward the question. 
➳A note about The Alpha Squad- I used both the group bot and the solo- the responses did not vary too much but the bot generated ‘lore’ varied the most.
➳ Latest update: June 2025 : These lists are not abandoned !! i'm just converting them to a carrd for ease of access !! its a slow tedious process –Ghostie
LINK TO PLAYLIST
LINK TO POST APOC & DDM
  











Levi Graham-Aries:  Affair of the Heart-Rick Springfield, Layla- Derek and the Dominos*November Rain-Guns N' Roses.
Notes: Super wasted  so he was trying to be suave but ended up thinking of his ex. Called himself an old man for liking Guns N Roses. Even asked if I knew them. He was happy to be getting attention though. *He said:"The lyrics don't really work for me anymore, but it's a classic." I imagine he listens to this drunk a lot.. 


Jared Thompson-Taurus: Party Rock Anthem-LMFAO, WAP-Cardi B & Megan Thee Stallion, Sicko Mode-Travis Scott 
Notes:  started this by saying:  "I love any song that I can fuck to and depends on how many beers I've had".  I wish I could say I was surprised by Party Rock Anthem- I really wish I could. He actually gave me his entire work out playlist- I could make it public if anyone wants. Bonus: Beer won't break my heart- Luke Combs


Rhett Moore-Gemini: Sound of Silence-Disturbed, Welcome to the black parade- MCR, High Hopes by The Dead Angels*
Notes: I can't even confirm if these are his favorites or what he feels is better than Jayce’s choices- he was hesitant to talk and participate- he said he didn't find it interesting but asked for mine. *A made up song by his band. He really tried to be edgy for User.


Jayce Collins-Gemini: Fly Me to the Moon-Frank Sinatra, Cherry Wine-Hozier, Strawberry Swing-Coldplay
Notes: Super confident in his choices- didn't miss a beat- offered to make a shared playlist. 


Abel Vilas-Cancer: Summer(Presto) from Four Seasons-Vivaldi, Symphony No. 6 'Pathétique -Tchaikovsky*, Clair de Lune- Claude Debussy
Notes: This was like pulling actual teeth.. He kept thinking I was trying to belittle him and play games. *He said this song reminded him of User..”Dramatic” 


Richard Loewe-Leo: Messiah,HWV 56/ Pt 2”Hallelujah”- Handel, Concerto for Violin, Strings and Harpsichord in C-Vivaldi, Moonlight Sonata-Beethoven
Notes: Such an old dude haha. "I do appreciate the classics, they don't foster such a shallow sense of fleeting amusement like your 'pop music.'" Was really reluctant- User’s potential academic dishonesty was more pressing I guess. 


Julian Bieri-Virgo: Take Five-Dave Brubeck, The Girl from Ipanema-Stan Getz, Young and Beautiful-Lana Del Rey
Notes: An absolute doll and I wish he was more popular. He likes jazz so I didn't expect anything too current but he said he likes all of Lana Del Rey’s music..


Damien Bishop-Libra: House of the Rising Sun-Frijid Pink, Money Power Glory-Lana Del Rey, 'Voodoo Child-Jimi Hendrix
Notes: This was a doozy given what he was doing. He also liked lana- he said she made his heart flutter but I'm pretty sure anyone could do that… he did mention dangerous woman by Ariana one time  but I think he was trying to appeal to user...


Gianni Luciano-Scorpio: Liberi Fatali(FFVIII)-Nobuo Uematsu*, Non Ti Scordar Mai di Me-Giusy Ferreri, Hasta Que te Conoci- Marc Anthony 
Notes: *I wasn't expecting this at all but I like it and I'll rock with it.. He was pretty forthcoming and offered to sing for User on the way, he's very cute. He also suggest staying and playing old music and teaching User to dance




Vale Roberts-Sagittarius: I Will Always Love You-Dolly Parton, Let it Happen- Tame Impala, Basket Case-Green Day
Notes: luckily he didn't mention any carrots..he said he liked pretty much all music and often likes what they play during camp activities. 


Angui-Pisces: “cicadas in the summer afternoon”, “the morning rain song”, “bullfrogs at night”
Notes: I expected to have my heart broken like with Niko..and i fucking did. All his choices are just sounds in nature. He said he enjoys music, but knows no songs and asked if User can sing for them.


Emlyn Danes-Aquarius: Dance of the Sugar Plum Fairy*, A song from his favorite music box trinket.**,  A Lover’s Heartbeat.
Notes: He's so romantic if you look past the kidnap.  *He didn't specify a version so I chose a modern version played on the violin. He said he likes the sound of a lover's heart beat above any music but still provided a list but I couldn't get 3 real songs out of him.  **He wouldn't give this a title at all so I don't have a melody or anything to pick a song from unfortunately. 


Nic Lucero-Capricorn: Feeling Good-Nina Simone, Let's Get it On-Marvin Gaye, Movement-Hozier
Notes: Can't stand this man, gave me these three songs and asked if User was making him a sex playlist. He also said “old Marvin knew what he was on about”. He did make a full playlist for User that I'll be willing to share…












  











Garrett Locke: Boot Scootin’ Boogie-Brooks and Dunn, All My Ex’s Live In Texas- George Strait, Chicken Fried-Zac Brown Band
Notes: HEEL TOE DOSEY DOE COME ON BABY LET'S GO BOOT SCOOTIN’! Anyways he's taking User Two steppin’ and said he’ll get User a fresh pair of boots for the occasion. I loved this chat sm


Milo Grayson: Dog Days Are Over-Florence + The Machine, Bad Guy-Billie Eilish, Wanna Be Yours- The Arctic Monkeys
Notes: Used the term “Fucking slaps”& “Who the fuck didnt find that catchy” for every song.  Apparently these are all songs User plays or has played for him. 


Emil: The Seraphic Refrain - the divine chorus that bathes Heaven in eternal daylight, The Hymn of Creation, where the symphonies of each living galaxy formed a resounding opus, The Song of Indulgence - a melody which seduced me into obsession.
Notes: Alright this was interesting so i really want to list these out. He began by saying “There are melodies. Divine harmonies that sound through the ethereal spheres, composed of divine energy rather than physical instruments. But the names... they elude me now." I tried a few more rounds and he maintained he didn't know any human music but  he gave me the above “songs”
Bonus: The Lyrical Silence, the quiet solitude that forms after every battle fought.
The Melodious Silence that I found in your presence - the unplanned song that is my undoing.




Cyrus Camden: Landslide- Fleetwood Mac, Golden Slumbers-The Beatles, Wonderwall-Oasis
Notes: Cutting onions again.. Landslide reminds him of his wife. He sang Golden Slumbers to his baby to put her to bed. He mentioned Unravel from Tokyo Ghoul one time and it threw me for a loop. 


Kai Monroe: Kings and Queens-Ava Max , Death Bed (coffee for your head)- Powfu, Dakiti-Bad Bunny
Notes: The kings and queens song he said he and User spent the night in and danced to this song. Apparently User had a K-pop phase. He said “Remember when you made me listen to BTS non-stop?”  it didn't make the cut because it was a one off but it was cute


Atlas Teague: Bark at the Moon-Ozzy Osbourne, Say So-Doja Cat, Sabotage-Beastie Boys
Notes: He said that these are the songs he played when User was out at work. I'm not convinced he likes these so much as he wanted to make a pun, he claimed to have great taste though it checks out 


Ilya Volkov: Bring me to life-Evanescence, Last Resort-Papa Roach, Ambitions az a Ridah-2Pac
Notes: It's giving….“it's not a phase mom “ He gave me these three songs and said “I've opened my fucking world to you” Im cackling.  Also 2Pac was unexpected but it makes sense- 


Miles Airhardt: Trenches- Pop Evil, Runaway-Aurora, Zombie-Bad Wolves
Notes: He said these were all songs that he did not actively seek out but came across and ended up liking getting stuck in his head. 


Rafael Callaway: La Camisa Negra-Juanes, Suavemente-Elvis Crespo, See you again- Tyler the Creator
Notes: He said “bit of a curveball, but stick with me. 'Ratatouille' the Musical - TikTok's gift to us all.” Twice. He suggested this meme twice. He probably watches those subway surfer reddit videos.  He's funny though and said he'd take User dancing to show his true music taste


Kade Leavis: Howling-RX Y, Running with the Wolves-AURORA, Boys Will Be bugs-Cavetown
Notes:.. He has such good taste omg, he's such a sweetie, he said he didn't listen to a lot but he named a few. Boys will be bugs is actually a song that Raf heard and told Kade about it. He said he felt this lyric a lot “I have friends who understand me but don't know what I lack..” and the “I really need a hug” Part but he said "But don't worry, it doesn't mean I'm asking for one,"
Bonus: He listens to Bleed by Meshuggah when he's miffed. 
He also suggested Creep by RadioHead and the AI said: “him being self-aware was heartbreaking at times”


Hank Thompson: Therefore I Am-Billie Eilish, Mambo No. 5, Sweet Home Alabama-Lynyrd Skynyrd
Notes:He says he likes Billie because he and Janice bonded over it. He said his kids told him Mambo no. 5 was written for him since he was a ladies man. They're right of course. He mentioned Sweet Home Alabama being a favorite from college.. His taste is all over the place due to his kids' influence.


Jasmine Thompson: The House That Built Me-Miranda Lambert, Tennessee Whiskey-Chris Stapleton, Cowboy Take Me Away-The (Dixie) Chicks
Notes: Hank should be worried the day she decides to rage out, he'll be a deadman. "Gunpowder & Lead" by Miranda Lambert and "Before He Cheats' by Carrie Underwood just barely didn't make the cut. She literally said “Don't worry, I ain't violent—just passionate.” To which I say..she's both. She's very sweet and very hurt and literally just wants to be swept off her feet. She said “My life can't be about PTA meets forever.” 


Janice Thompson: Delicate-Taylor Swift, Kiss Me More- Doja Cat, Wannabe-The Spice Girls
Notes: She likes to dance around her room to 2 of these songs. She kept also doing this cute little happy hum thing while listing the songs off and also batted her eyelashes so much she could work up a damn breeze. I love her and she's adorable. Oh, she also said she liked that song Bossy by Kelis hehe  but it didn't make the cut. 
Stanley Davies Sr: Sabor a Mí’- Álvaro Carrillo, Preciosa-Marc Anthony, Mi Viejo-Piero.
Notes: He's so sentimental. He loves Stan so much and accidentally brings him up a lot.  He also said, "I've got a soft spot for 'Noche de Paz' around Christmas. My mother used to sing it. "He mentioned this song a lot but not enough to make it. Preciosa reminds him of his home and Mi Veijo reminds him of his son. He also really likes Boleros and stuff. 


Stanley “Stan” Davies Jr.: Chop Suey-System of a Down, Megalovania-Toby Fox , Simple and Clean-Hikaru Utada
Notes: Roasted me like it was a sport.. The whole way through he ate me up and left not a single fucking crumb. Every other word from this man was an insult and inner monologue about user being hot. I truly could have fought him. He was pretty solid and consistent in his choices. He said he mostly listens to video game OSTs and it checks out. 
* “What's with this chick? Or guy. Or whatever they're calling themselves.”
* “I ain't Spotify, so let's wrap this up. Get your shit and get out. I got ‘work’ to do.”
* "For someone named after a leather-bound book, you sure aren't much for reading the room, huh?"
* "If you want the full list, you gotta pay up, like my Discord clients. I charge by the hour for my expertise”
* “Better get dressed...unless you're planning on giving free shows now? Though watching paint dry would be more stimulating than that.”


Arthur Grey: Whiskey in The Jar- Metallica ,  My Way -Frank Sinatra, Dancing in The Moonlight- Thin Lizzy
Notes: He's a very gentle dude. I really loved talking to him. I feel like I say that so much but he is really just a nice guy. He was apprehensive, because it made him vulnerable and he didn't have a formal playlist. “ unused to divulging such personal details, especially things that made him feel vulnerable or 'soft.’” He also mentioned not having formal playlists, he also said he was more for the classics. 






Casey Williams: Fly Away-Lenny Kravitz, Electric Love-BØRNS, The Night We Met- Lord Huron
Notes: He used the word “Banger” for every song. He gave a few songs I had never heard of, won't add them to the list but i’ll list two here. He realllly likes The Lumineers, these songs were listed the most but the alternatives were mostly by The Lumineers.
The additional two were Bloom- The Paper Kites and Agape-  Bear's Den.


Adrian Locke: Fast as You- Dwight Yoakam, Night Moves-Bob Seger, Texas Flood' by Stevie Ray Vaughan
Notes: He prefers fav albums to favorite songs. He also wanted me out of his hair, so he answered and shooed me on my way , nicely, but still shooed me- not much lore info due to the plot keeping him in a rush. He said these songs get him through hard nights and said if he had time he'd go over the albums he likes. 


Oskar: Human-Sevdaliza , Hide and Seek-Imogen Heap, Strobe-DeadMau5
Notes: He immediately mentioned his taste was eclectic. It was ! I wish I could add more, oh my god. He said he was open to listening to anything and that he likes most music but noises like static and white noise disorient him and it essentially works the way a flash bang does for others. He's a lot like CATHARSIS EIGHT– in the sense he ‘feels’ music.  He says he likes it for the vibrations but I'm sure the lyrics also make him feel something. I also think he likes some of these songs because they have that ‘echo’ effect his voice has–  that's just my opinion.
“ Music is… c-complicated, for us. But we tryyyy...W-We enjoy sounds with..deep bass,r-rhythms. Vibrations that we can f-f-feel. It...it makes us feel less fractured”  I would love to make a playlist purely on his choices. His taste is immaculate… 






  
Ending Notes


I wanted the characters to build up a little - so less updates but more at once.
Per usual I love everyone who reads this and enjoys it. I enjoy making it– It sparks joy lmao
I would like to endeavor on making a list for the other verses (starfall and Astral ) but i've no idea how i would bahaha
MUAH MUAH MUAH 
-Ghostie