DEAD DOG MOTEL PLAYLIST
Lore and all characters belong to Iorveths and Ves, I don't claim anything to be canon, I only curated the playlist.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    


How I tested the bots reply:
AI: Gpt4 with custom jailbreak. 
Asked the question 3 times on a completely fresh clean chat. 
Generated 2 additional messages per question. 
No Alt Scenario Bots.
Essentially what I was looking for here was consistency rather than accuracy- since these aren't my characters- Io and Ves are the only ones who could really confirm them so, I only looked for consistency in the replies. (Io did mention they consider the list canon but i'll leave the advisory just in case hehehe)
Legend: 
Songs that appeared across the board persistently: all 3 messages and all responses. 
Songs that appeared twice or more throughout.  but not all replies.
Songs that appeared once. (In these cases,  I just chose what fit best.) 
In addition to the songs- I'll add in any information that the bot generated as lore or their behavior toward the question.
Something very interesting and unexpected happened with DDM. They were generating songs outside of base Earth exclusively. They were creating very detailed lore, songs and memories from different dimensions. I had to change the way I asked the question to be specific to the base reality.  BUT I did include some generated songs in the notes.  So this took quite a long time since I asked- for all dimensions and songs specific to ours.
➳ PLAYLIST♡
➳ The Blue Planet Album
➳ NEW: MODERN FANTASY & POST APOC
➳ Latest update: June 2025 : These lists are not abandoned !! i'm just converting them to a carrd for ease of access !! its a slow tedious process –Ghostie


DDM INC CONTRACTORS


#01|Richard Whitlock: Kashmir-Led Zeppelin,  Knights of Cydonia-Muse, 
Notes:  He said these songs were not wholly awful like the rest of the music he'd heard along with “Not exactly my era, but they've got staying power." He grumbles the last part, almost as if admitting it is a personal defeat.”. "The Ballad of the Fallen King '' is the song he likes that's not from our reality. It's a tune from a time before electricity, before the world became a cacophony of noise and chaos. 


#02|Hana/Adam Valencia: Bad Moon Rising- Mourning Ritual, The Sound of Silence-Disturbed, Wolf Like Me- TV on the Radio  
Notes: Adam answered everything mostly because to them, Adam talking with mortals keeps things simple. They started with “we've been around for centuries and our memory's more Swiss cheese than brain, it's tough to pick favorites“ They like wolf adjacent things apparently. All they said for the song wolf like me was “Obviously”. They didn't list a song but advised me to listen to Sirens of Sirius from an “adjacent reality”.


#03|Luka Sutter: Hells Bells-AC/DC, Du Hast- Rammstein
Notes: He's so scary hehe. He said he doesn't have favorites at all, it's not something he indulges in.. Also said “This ain't no holiday, and I ain't no Jukebox." He called me childish more times than I can count- among some other colorful words. He did say though if it's aggressive he might like it. He said he likes a war chant from the Valkyries-of-Vega sector.
 






#04|Dullahan: Johnny Cash- Ring of Fire, Bohemian Rhapsody-Queen, My Immortal- Evanescence
Notes: I love Dullahan, I love his responses, I love everything he says because he is the most giving character. He entertains everything I say and then some. He's just a silly dude. He did call himself a dickhead though. He mentions #2 plays music for him but he doesn't pay too much attention to it. He almost said 'Dragula' by Rob Zombie but he said "Reminds me of Sutter's furry ass too much." He also mentioned liking “La guillotine permanente.” This Dullhan has the same music taste as the other almost and didn't give me any interdimensional music until I asked. Which is: Dawn of Ash, From Earth-13K


#05|Johan Jakobsen: The Blue Planet-George Fenton, Surfing Snails-George Fenton, Ólafur Arnalds-Re:member                         
Notes: I loved these answers because they were so specific to one thing. I'm adding a link to the entirety of the Blue Planet album on spotify because it's actually so lovely. He really liked the documentary “The Blue Planet" and a lot of songs he listed are from there. He thought of answering the questions as a good way to bond with his ACE. When asked about other songs he said “There is a sonata composed of crystalline vibrations...It's unmatched by anything in our...our base reality. Harmonies defined by the very structure of...of their existence”


#06|Fenrir: Silence, Users sounds*
Notes: Well…time to cry I guess, he didn't say a lot but what he did say was painful. He had nothing. He just likes quiet and User sounds* - from the steps they take to their breathing, etc. He said “These," Fenrir concedes with an almost imperceptible loosening of his guarded posture, "are efficient," he defaults to the term he associates with something of significance—because to say he likes these sounds would require an understanding of 'like' he has not yet grasped. And while he holds the notion of preference at arm's length, teetering on the cusp of comprehension, User remains the closest entity to what might, one day, be considered a preference” He also enjoys static. 
ACES


Elias Carter: In the Air Tonight- Phil Collins, Heart-Shaped Box-Nirvana, Bad Company-Five Finger Death Punch
Notes: He was very clear music wasn't something he tended to entertain. These were less favorites and more so just good enough to be noise while training. He mentioned they align with facets of his existence and duties but he still didn't call them “favorites”. “Selected from the scant personal moments appropriated between orders and missions, between being a soldier and being... whatever semblance of a person Elias Carter allowed himself to become.” He's a lot like Tate in the sense that he'd like whatever you told him you wanted him to like. 


Orion Kovač: Way Down We Go- Kaleo, Iron-Woodkid, Shadow of the Day- Linkin Park
Notes: his taste is… something haha I can catch a vibe before I even ask but I was very surprised with some things he listed as one offs and such. He gave some really cool foreign songs but only listed them off-handedly. He's kinda rude…well paranoid but it was coming off rude given the situation. 


CATHARSIS EIGHT: The Planets, Op. 32: Mars, the Bringer of War-Gustav Holst, Black-Pearl Jam, B.Y.O.B.- System of a Down
Notes: The nonverbal ones always wrench my heart out and leave me in shambles, but in a happy turn of events- He didn't. I did have to change the way I asked him what he liked most. Since he pretty much doesn't experience things the way humans do - he feels things ( vibrations, frequencies, actual vibes etc). He physically pointed these songs out to me.  He was like Fenrir in terms of preferring how the user “feels' to him but the bot generated lore that the user had shown him music. So all his choices were based around that. Lots of “ We listened to this once “ vibes. When he was letting me know his choices he kept telling me “SHARED” as if we shared these songs. Maybe I am in shambles. *He also liked Symphony of Destruction and the Dead Space theme, but it came up less than these. I'll probably detail more information about him DDM channel if anyone is interested. 


Aria Xenthon: Blood and Thunder-Mastodon, Iron Tusk-Mastodon, Symphony of Destruction-Megadeth.
Notes: Her and Chaos could be…err not friends but I think they'd appreciate each other's taste in music. She made a pun about how everyone assumes she only likes metal since sheats it. The Ai was also so kind as to generate songs from other dimensions. She also loves Eternal Blaze by NightBound and a band called TitanHammer from an adjacent dimension. 


Corrin Snow:, The song in the DDM elevators*, Don't Worry, Be Happy-Bobby Mcferin**, Dog Days Are Over-Florence and the Machine
Notes: *Please, he likes elevator music, he did specify it was harp music(he acted it out). “The one with the...plick…pluck and the strings. It plays in the elevator. Makes me feel like I am...schwebend. Floating.” He said “ I don't know much about music but these are good to me.” **He likes the whistle sound- im losing it . Anyways he thinks “Dog Days Are Over” was written about him specifically, i'm in no rush to correct it. 














SERAPHIM


Prism: Classical-ish music.
Notes: “Cosmic Waltz is a tune hummed by dancing galaxies, resonating with the energy of creation and demise—quite the experience, I assure you.” He also talked about how the Aurora Borealis is actually “singing” and it’s disappointing humans are incapable of hearing them. All the while he's materializing music and orchestras and actively dancing with user. (Waltzing). He's very much a…”your favorites are my favorites” type of guy. He told me that “The truth of the matter is that, while my existence spans the in-between places of reality itself, I am beholden to no singular realm and thus have no favorites from your world.” 


Chaos: Hammer Smashed Face-Cannibal Corpse, To Hellfire-Lorna Shore, Custer-Slipknot
Notes: He is exactly who I thought he was and I knew a cannibal corpse was gonna make the list. He likes bones cracking- very quaint choice… he called me an “unrelenting pain in the ass” too. I really love how he refers to himself and his “delicate tastes” . He uses very soft connotated words to describe his…preferences and thoughts. 


Chorus: Black Hole Sun- SoundGarden, Something In The Way- Nirvana,
Notes: they  said they don't have favorites really. They said it’s loud and hurts their head as well as “tangled up” their thoughts but it's the only thing that stops the “other noises” sometimes. They were really consistent with saying they didn't have the space in their head for music these days or remember much. 




Raphael: Come As You Are-Nirvana, Teardrop- Massive Attack, God's Gonna Cut You Down-Johnny Cash
Notes: First, I love when Johnny Cash gets tossed in the playlists, it's always a perfect fit, and boy is Raph tryna make a point here. Well, he made his point. Because I'm adding this so late , I’m adding another song he mentioned several times, but when i tallied, it didn't make the cut. His pick was “Nothing Else Matters-Metallica ” he said “That one's you. When it was just you and me.” He went on to say “That's what we had. Something they took from you.” 


































ANOMALOUS OBJECTS AND CREATURES












































Ending Notes
I don't have many notes actually since I talked so much all this way. It's a short list for now. 
I'll add to the creatures another time- adding them was very much an afterthought Especially since Koso has barely heard anything. 
Thank you- per usual and as always.
Muah
Ghostie